{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue153;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\margb1800\margt1800\vieww12980\viewh14480\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa340\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Welcome to StuffIt Deluxe\'ae\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa240\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Welcome to StuffIt Deluxe 12. All of us at Smith Micro would like to thank you for buying this product. This document contains information about installing StuffIt Deluxe, and includes last minute information that did not make it into the Electronic Help files. 
\b\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa220\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
System Requirements\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa240\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
StuffIt Deluxe 12 requires Mac OS X 10.4 or later. We recommend that you keep your version of Mac OS X current by installing all the latest software updates made available from Apple. Stuffit 12.0.1 includes a number of performance and stability enhancements and addresses several Leopard compatibility issues.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa220\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Installing StuffIt Deluxe 12\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa240\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
StuffIt Deluxe 12 uses a \'93Drag and Drop\'94 installation method. To install StuffIt Deluxe, simply drag and drop the \'93StuffIt 12\'94 folder from the CD (or the mounted disk image if you purchased StuffIt  Deluxe as a download) to your Mac OS X \'93Applications\'94 folder. 
\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Note: If you are upgrading from a previous version of StuffIt Deluxe, please follow the "Updating Previous Versions of StuffIt" instructions below. 
\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To finish the installation, run the StuffIt Setup Assistant  and follow these steps:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\sa240\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
{\listtext	1.	}StuffIt Setup Assistant first displays a dialog that describes its purpose. Click \'93Continue\'94 to start the setup process. \
{\listtext	2.	}Enter your name and registration number in the fields provided. You will find your registration number either in the StuffIt Deluxe packaging, or in the confirmation email you received when purchasing StuffIt Deluxe online. StuffIt Deluxe 12 registration numbers begin with a "
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
DLXO
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
" prefix. Enter a company name only if it is applicable. \
{\listtext	3.	}In order to install the necessary components StuffIt Deluxe must ask for your administrator password. Typically this is the password you use to log onto your computer. Enter your user name and password, and then click \'93OK\'94. \
{\listtext	4.	}StuffIt Deluxe will now install the necessary components onto your hard drive. A list of the files installed is displayed in the Setup Assistant window. StuffIt Deluxe will also remove files associated with older versions of StuffIt as part of its setup process. \
{\listtext	5.	}When all the necessary files have been installed a registration dialog is displayed. Please take the time to register your purchase with Smith Micro. Registration entitles you to receive technical support, and also enables us to send you notification when updates are available for your software. \
{\listtext	6.	}Click \'93Finish\'94 to close the Setup Assistant window. \
{\listtext	7.	}In order to use all the features of StuffIt Deluxe you must logout and then log back in to complete installation. 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa220\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Updating Previous Versions of StuffIt\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa240\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To update your previous version of StuffIt:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\sa240\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
{\listtext	1.	}
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Quit any running StuffIt applications
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
. \
{\listtext	2.	}
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Drag your current StuffIt folder to the Trash
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
. \
{\listtext	3.	}
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Drag the new
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 StuffIt 12 folder to your Applications folder
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
. \
{\listtext	4.	}Run StuffIt Setup Assistant. \
When StuffIt Setup Assistant is finished, logout, or restart to complete the installation. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa240\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Changes in 12.0.1\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa240\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Fixed an issue where DropStuff's Segment menu was disabled under Mac OS 10.5 (Leopard)\
Fixed an issue where DropStuff wouldn't auto-quit after finishing a compression operation.\
Fixed an issue where SEA Maker would unexpectedly quit when building an installer on Intel-based Macs.\
Fixed an issue where StuffIt Expander wouldn't auto-quit after finishing an expansion operation when using the "Watch Folder" feature.\
Fixed an issue where MagicMenu/StuffIt Contextual Menu would allow unlimited concurrent expansion operations. Operations are now queued above four concurrent operations.\
Fixed an issue where Archive Manager incorrectly treated folders as documents when browsing some archive formats.\
Fixed an issue that prevented expansion of Compact Pro archives that contained a comment.\
Fixed an issue that prevented Archive Manager from cleaning up temporary files when an extraction operation was canceled.\
Fixed an issue that prevented complete expansion of some older StuffIt 5 archives.\
Fixed an issue that prevented expansion of some older self-extracting Zip archives (.exe).\
Fixed an issue affecting some users upgrading from StuffIt 11 where DropStuff would continually launch StuffIt Setup Assistant.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa240\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Known Issues:\
\pard\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa240\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95\'a0If you are using Symantec Antivirus 10, installing StuffIt Deluxe 12 will replace the older StuffIt Engine installed by Symantec with the current StuffIt Engine, causing problems with the Antivirus Scan Engine. We have released a patch that merges the parts of the old StuffIt Engine that SAV 10 requires with the StuffIt 12 Engine. You can read more about the issue and download the patch from our Support Site here:\
http://support.smithmicro.com/techsupport/kb.cfg/php.exe/enduser/std_adp.php?p_faqid=1837&p_created=1192227724\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa240\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa240\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95\'a0An issue exists with Apple\'92s FileVault security feature in Mac OS X that can prevent installers from correctly placing items in your Home folder. If you have enabled FileVault encryption on your current Home folder StuffIt Setup Assistant will fail when attempting to install StuffIt features.\
To work around this issue:\
\pard\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li1100\fi-1100\sa240\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	1.	In the System Preferences -> Accounts section create a new, temporary account with Administrator privileges that does not use the FileVault feature. \
	2.	Switch to this new account.\
	3.	Run the StuffIt Setup Assistant.\
\pard\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa240\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When the installation is complete, you can delete the temporary account via the System Preferences -> Accounts.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa220\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Troubleshooting Tips:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa240\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If you receive an error message running  any StuffIt 12 applications, try running the StuffIt Setup Assistant application to ensure that all of the components are properly installed.\
If you are upgrading from a previous version: \
While the StuffIt Setup Assistant application will remove any older system components, it does not remove old preference (plist) files, or older StuffIt applications. Please delete any older versions of StuffIt applications manually. \
If you have difficulties with any StuffIt 12 applications. Try deleting any older StuffIt preference files from the /Library/Preferences directory and your user's ~/Library/Preference directory. StuffIt plist files are typically named com.stuffit.xxxxxxxx.plist where xxxxxxxx is the name of the application that uses the preference file.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa240\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa240\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Contact Information\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Smith Micro Software, Inc\
185 Westridge Drive\
Watsonville, CA 95076\
\
Tel: 1+ (831) 761-6200\
Fax: 1+ (831) 761-6206\
Internet: \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 http://www.stuffit.com\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs20 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Copyright \'a9 2002 - 2007, Smith Micro Software, Inc. All Rights Reserved. StuffIt, StuffIt Deluxe, StuffIt SEA Maker, StuffIt Archive Manager, StuffIt Expander, DropStuff, Magic Menu,  StuffIt Contextual Menu, the StuffIt Logo, StuffIt X, and  the Allume Systems logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Allume Systems  Inc. All other trademarks are property of their respective holders. JPEG compression technology is patent pending.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}